One of the traditional food of Makassar, offer the rich flavour soup made from meat and inside of cow, in delicious stock. Don't forget to add lime and extra sauce sambal for the kick on the taste.
A very iconic Coto restaurant in Makassar. Many Indonesian actors and actresses have come to this place while visiting the city. Probably the most famous Coto restaurant in Makassar.
This is traditional thick soup from the area, coto makassar, served in little bowl, with thick broth and sprinkle of shallots and spring onion. A must for traveller, and this place particularly tourist friendly, located just opposite Makassar harbour. For a beginner visiting Makassar, you are not in Makassar until you come to taste Coto Makassar Nusantara
Meat was really generous however the taste was not as rich as Coto gagak. Big, numerous chunks of meat or innards were served. Crowded near the lunch time even with spacious seating.
This restaurant is one of the best restaurant that serves local makassar food. I went to the merpati street outlet, it raining from morning and also was crowded which is good for me, that tells that I came to the right place. The soup came out hot and steamy, my wife ordered meat only while I go for all in.
Easy restaurant to find. Nice palce. Good Staff and easy payment. Not realy expensive. Nice taste, Spicy but not Realy. Very iconic Coto restaurant in Makassar. Many Indonesian actors and actresses have come to this place while visiting the city. Probably the most famous Coto restaurant in Makassar.
Makassar is famous with their signature dishes, which everybody know .... coto Makassar. We can easily find coto within every corner of Makassar, one of the best coto is Coto Nusantara and don't forget to take couple of burrasa - steamed rice cake wrapped in banana leaves. I think coto is one of the best dishes during morning time - breakfast.
Coto Makassar is the famous dish from South Sulawesi and this place a highly recommended restaurant to go to have a great Coto.
Coto Makassar is the famous food from Makassar. Meat soup that we eat with rice cake. Coto Nusantara is the best coto Makassar in town. Must try food. Very recommended.
Many places to eat coto in Makassar, as coto is a specific food of Makassar, but Coto Nusantara is the favorite one for local people and tourist from all over places.
